do you own a smartphone or a tablet
would you like to be able to use your
smartphone or tablet to review the
profile of your dives as soon as you
complete them would you like to use your
smartphone or tablet to log your dive
memories and share them with your
friends if your answer is yes then you
can use a dive computer buddy to
retrieve logs directly from your zoo
dive computer buddy is an easy-to-use
wireless device that connects to your
zoop and transfers the dive data to your
smartphone or tablet first connect the
zoop to the dive computer buddy using
the cable included in the dive computer
buddy kit
then set the Zoop in PC interface mode
once you're done launch the dive pal
dive lock app tap on download dives tap
on download DC buddy dives
select the Zoop dive computer tap on
retrieve logs and in a few seconds the
dive data will be transferred to your
smartphone or tablet now review the new
logs you just downloaded give it a name
check the dive profile add a dive site
gear information buddy and share your
dive memories with your friends
once you're done retrieving logs from
your dive computer please make sure to
disconnect the cable from the dive
computer buddy
as this will make your battery last
longer dive computer buddy works with
all major smartphones and tablets that
support Bluetooth 4.0 Low Energy
technology please check our website for
supported smartphones and tablets if you
want to sync your dive logs across
multiple devices then you can use our
dive pal cloud in addition to dive pal
dive computer buddy is compatible with
other dive log programs please check our
website for a list of dive log programs
that support dive computer buddy
lastly you can purchase the dive
computer buddy from a dive nav
authorized dealer or directly from dive
nav at our online store when you
purchase a dive computer buddy to be
used for the Zoop make sure you request
the DC buddy soon tozi model
you